#labels Phase-Implementation
= DEVELOPMENT GUIDE =

*_please feedback_*

== SVN Folders ==

  *_blessed_ this is the main trunk, and is intended to be used for merging/branching *ONLY* by the project admins
  *_tasks_branches_ it contains all the branches currently under development
  *_attic_ contains the branches created for tasks already merged. The purpose of this folder is to store the branch after merge until the task is verified.
  *_wiki_ wiki
  *_WorkingTrunks_ Contains the trunk for each version where to branch from. the current version under development will contain the suffix *CURRENT*. Notice that all this trunks are branches from _blessed_ 
  *_CI_Backup_ contains the backups of the CI current configuration

---

== ISSUES & NEW REQUIREMENTS ==

  # The issues page is only used to report defects and to collect feedback from users to be organized into iterations
  # The new requirements and other discussions are discussed in the *FORUM*(TO BE CREATED)
  # Develop only the task you have picked: Id another tasks identified you can create an issue on the issues page that will be translated to a proper task in further iterations
---

== WORKFLOW ==

  # Request the current iteration tasks available list to the admin. *MANAGEMENT TO BE DISCUSSED IN THE FUTURE*  
  # Branch from the version specified in the task under _WorkingTrunks_ to _tasks_branches_ with format: ISSUE-NUM_TITLE_OF_THE_ISSUE
  # Develop in this branch. Merge from your source trunk frequently
  # Commit your code to your branch _with comments_ using the format "ISSUE-NUM:" as prefix of the comment
  # if your task is *MERGEABLE* _(see mergeable tasks below)_ Merge it to the source trunk under _WorkingTrunks_. In the case the source trunk is not the current, them merge to that one and merge the revision trunk by trunk until the current. Ensure every merge commit is *MERGEABLE* 
  # Move your branch to _attic_. It will stay there until is verified and it will be deleted by the project admin
---
== SVN COMMENTS ==
All the comments must have the prefix "ISSUE_NUM:" and then action text: i.e. Branch created, branch commit, merged to trunk, task commit...
---

== WHAT IS A MERGEABLE TASK ==

A mergeable task is a task that after merged locally(Request info about how to run these in in your local machine in one step):
  * All tests run sucessfully in release mode for every platform
  * The Acceptance tests run sucessfully in your local machine
  * Other tasks run sucessfully(TODO)

A mergeable task can be commited to the trunk

If everything went fine, then you can merge your code